# walking-motivation

## Brief explanation

The purpose of this project is to make an app that motivates you to go outside and move.
A mobile app that gives you motivating tasks, new routes will emerge so that every trip will be new and exciting.

## Code documentation

This is an autogenerated documentation for the API, generaded with help of dockstrings.
[Documentation](https://ntig-uppsala.github.io/walking-motivation)


## Technical specification

**NOTE**

***The development environment is subject to change***

### Ide

|Program|Version|
|---|---|
|Visual Studio Code|1.62.2 (user setup)|

### Operating system

|OS|Version|
|---|---|
|Microsoft Windows 10 Education|10.0.19042|
|Microsoft Windows 11 Home|10.0.22000|

### Software Development Kit

|SDK|Version|
|Android SDK|32|
|Flutter SDK|2.8.1|

### Language

|Language|Version|
|---|---|
|node.js|16.13.0|
|Dart|2.15.1|

**What language where**

node.js for backend

Dart for frontend (Android and IOS)

### Coding standard

#### node.js

- camelCasing
- Add comments frequently

### API Testing framework

|Program|Version|
|---|---|
|Postman|9.1.4 win32 10.0.22000 / x64|

## Definition of Done (DoD)

- Make sure that the code is readable and concise, also add comments.
- The code should not be in the main branch if the program is not running, nor should there be any errors. All code must therefore pass a pull request whenever the code is pulled.
- Make sure that the product is presentable when the presentation is due.
- Commit messages and description needs to be clear.
- Move over the corresponding post-it note to 'Done' whenever the DoD requirements above have been met.
- Make absolutely sure that the DoD requirements have been met.


## Other

- Commit frequently
- Must push at the end of the day
- We use docstrings for functions, be mindfull of that when wrighting code.

## Tests

- All the API tests are in the postman branch
- [Postman Branch](https://github.com/NTIG-Uppsala/walking-motivation/tree/postman/Postman%20Collections)
